Add author information to all blogs and add migration blog (#12)
nodestream-proj/docs: blog/2024-05-14-migrations-evolution/index.md

For example, creating a new node type or adding a property to an existing node type.

When you run `nodestream migrations make` nodestream will create a new migration file in the `migrations` directory. 
That process works roughly like this:

- Nodestream will look at the current state of the schema by initializing and introspecting all pipelines (A).
- Build the state of the schema that is represented by the current migrations (B).
- Diff the two states (A and B) to determine the changes that need to be made to the schema.
- Generate a new migration file that describes the changes that need to be made to the schema.

When you run `nodestream migrations run` nodestream will apply the migrations in sequence to evolve the schema.
That process works roughly like this:

- Nodestream reads the migration files into memory and builds a graph of the dependencies between the migrations.
- Nodestream runs the migrations in topological order, applying the changes to the schema as it goes.
- Nodestream keeps track of which migrations have been applied so that it can skip them in the future.

Crucially, nodestream does not track all possible schema changes. 

> Topological changes are not tracked, so you will need to handle those manually.

Reviewer: Its not clear to me what "topological changes" means here.  It might be good to give an example of what would need to be managed outside of the process.

Additionally, nodestream does not support rolling back migrations, so you will need to handle that manually as well.

## Are Migrations Any Good?

Wondering what Martin Fowler would think of this design given is [page on the subject](https://martinfowler.com/articles/evodb.html)? 
He describes the concept of "evolutionary database design" with a set of characterisitcs. 
Some of them are more organizational than technical.

However, some of the technical ones are:

> - **All Database Artifacts are Version Cntrolled with Application Code:** Nodestream's migrations are inteded to source controlled files that are run in sequence and define their dependencies. This makes it easy to evolve changes and continuously integrate them (which is another of the characteristics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **All Database Artifacts are Version Controlled with Application Code:** Nodestream's migrations are intended to be source controlled files that are run in sequence and define their dependencies. This makes it easy to evolve changes and continuously integrate them (which is another of the characteristics).
```
